Know what you fly
At XO, we believe that private aviation should be as open and clear as a bright blue sky.

That’s why we are the first in the industry to offer a Know What You Fly promise.

Simply put, it guarantees that when you book a charter from XO, you will know everything about the aircraft you’re deciding amongst. We stand for full transparency, reassuring predictability, and ultimate flexibility.

private jet
Unlike the rest of the industry, you’re not forced to wait until after you book to find out what level of aircraft service you are getting. We don’t think private flyers should have to settle for a system that offers less visibility than Uber and Lyft!

Our new Service Classes – powered by a proud fleet of 115 aircraft owned by our group companies, and 1,500 partner aircraft – deliver full visibility into your flying options. There are more of those options available with XO than anywhere else in the world of private aviation.

Members can now choose
from the following aircraft options:

classic
premium
luxe
Of course, all of these Service Classes are available and instantly bookable via our app or website. It’s part of our mission to make private aviation more affordable, convenient and obstacle-free.

To experience our new Service Classes, update your app now.

We know you’ve been considering becoming an XO member. Our new Know What You Fly promise can turn consideration into action,
so why not call one of our highly informed
but low-pressure advisors at +1 (888)-80-FLY-XO.

Best,
Your XO Team

facebook	instagram	twitter	linkedin
XO Global LLC is a foreign air charter broker. It is not a direct air carrier and does not operate any aircraft.
All flights will be operated by properly licensed air carriers or foreign air carriers. Terms and conditions apply.
All services are subject to the terms and conditions available at flyxo.com/legal.

XO Global LLC, 500 E Broward Blvd., 19th Floor, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33394
Copyright © XO Global LLC, 2019 All rights reserved | Unsubscribe